[HWORKS-838] Flink job failed to start if resources are limited with no error thrown (#212)
logicalclocks/hopsworks-tutorials: integrations/java/flink/README.md

Hopsworks deployment. Note that this tutorial will not work for [app.hopsworks.ai](https://app.hopsworks.ai) account 
as submitting custom jobs to [app.hopsworks.ai](https://app.hopsworks.ai) are not supported. 

It is recommended that Hopsworks cluster has at least 1 worker node with 8 CPU cores and 512MB of RAM already up and 
running.

> You can find documentation how to get started on [GCP](https://docs.hopsworks.ai/3.4/setup_installation/gcp/getting_started/),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find documentation how to get started on [GCP](https://docs.hopsworks.ai/latest/setup_installation/gcp/getting_started/),
```

> [AWS](https://docs.hopsworks.ai/3.4/setup_installation/aws/getting_started/) or on [Azure](https://docs.hopsworks.ai/3.4/setup_installation/azure/getting_started/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[AWS](https://docs.hopsworks.ai/latest/setup_installation/aws/getting_started/) or on [Azure](https://docs.hopsworks.ai/latest/setup_installation/azure/getting_started/).
```

```

> Next you need to create [connection](https://docs.hopsworks.ai/hopsworks-api/3.4/generated/api/connection/) with 

Reviewer: should user `latest` instead of `3.4`
